our people in the Janine refugee camp in
the occupied West Bank say Israeli
forces vandalized their homes ate their
food and allowed their dogs to defecate
inside residents homes alzer's Hassan
massud has
more for three consecutive days the
Israeli occupation forces stormed janen
City and its refugee camp leaving
destruction in their
W they damaged infrastructure and
scrolled slogans and symbols on the
walls behind closed doors there were
more violations which came to light
after Israeli soldiers filmed and posted
videos of the incidents on their
personal social media
accounts this is the alh household the
family can tell us more about the
violations that the soldiers documented
themselves
come and see this is where the soldier
handcuffed and blindfold everyone the
house this is where they were sitting
and
smoking all the Palestinian detained in
the neighborhoods were handcuffed and
brought in
here we have been cleaning the house of
their mess and their dogs
fill all the gates and doors were
smashed we have to throw away all the
carpets here's one of the dos broken by
the Israeli
soldiers here were some Hebrew phrases
we're struggling to get them off in the
video they posted they're bragging about
it you can see them helping themselves
to our food and drinks you can also hear
the explosion as they destroyed our
neighbor's
home and then
this is only the tip of the iceberg
there are many other cases of Israeli
forces behaving this way across
Jan although eyewitnesses say those
encounters were not filmed by the
soldiers
themselves while this household tries to
erase the visible evidence of the
Israeli incursion into Jan the Mark left
on the collective memory of Palestinians
remains